---
layout: post
title: About Me
subtitle: My First Website Post
tags: [homework]
comments: true
---

# My Prior Experieneces

I took CS1 and CS2 in my freshman and my sophomore year. In CS1, I learned very basic HTML and JavaScript syntax. I also got to play with arduino boards and build simple circuits on breadboards. In CS2 I learned JavaScript syntax and implemented them in CS lab assignments. Outside of school, I learned a little bit of python and used it in my two research projects. I am pretty ahead in math. I skipped Geometry by taking a couple placement tests and jumped straight to Algebra II & Trigonometry Honors my freshman year. Later, I took Precalculus BC Honors and AP Calculus BC Honors. Currently, I am in Math Seminar. Although I had never taken a statistics course at school. I did learn it on my own and took the AP test my sophomore year (got a 5 too). However, I need time to reread my notes to regain those knowledge.  

# Things That I Like to Do

I like math. It all started with my grandfather, a math teacher, back when we all lived in Beijing. I was around five years old when he realized that I had an aptitude for numbers. At first, it was a game we played, a very enjoyable game because I loved spending time with my grandfather, then it became a shared passion. In third grade, I started competing in China’s national math competitions and discovered how much fun they were. After I moved to the United States, I continued to train and participate in competitions.

I also like playing video games. I like real-time strategic games such as [Clash of Clans](https://supercell.com/en/games/clashofclans/) and MOBA games such as [League of Legends](https://na.leagueoflegends.com/en-us/) and Chinese server of [Arena of Valor](https://pvp.qq.com/). I started playing the League of Legends when I was in elementary school in China. As I got selected and attended the best middle school in China, the playing time decreased. So I found the Chinese server of Arena of Valor. This game takes about a half of the time per game, so I could actually play and not fall behind at school. Clash of clans has been the game that I just kept on playing. It's like a way of socializing because of how the clan system works. I have three clash of clans accounts. This is what my main account (almost maxed out) looks like [Main Account](/assets/img/clashofclans.png)

# Things That I Look Forward to

I look forward to going to school (if that is even possible). Remote learning is very awkward for me and I feel like I lack the motivation to study behind a screen. I look forward to learning more in this course because the topics on the schedule look very interesting and useful. Although I am very likely to major in math or physics, I enjoy computer science as well. That is why I am taking two and a half credits of computer science this year.